Caching

Configuration
Customize cache settings.


Purge Cache
Instantly purge cached files to force Cloudflare to fetch a fresh version of those files from your web server. You can purge files selectively or all at once.

Note: Purging the cache may temporarily degrade performance for your website and increase load on your origin.

APIHelp
Caching Level
Determine how much of your website’s static content you want Cloudflare to cache. Increased caching can speed up page load time.



No query string

Ignore query string

Standard
APIHelp
Browser Cache TTL
Determine the length of time Cloudflare instructs a visitor’s browser to cache files. During this period, the browser loads the files from its local cache, speeding up page loads.

4 hours
APIHelp
CSAM Scanning Tool
The Child Sexual Abuse Material (CSAM) Scanning Tool allows website owners to proactively identify and take action on potential CSAM located on their website.

With this service enabled, the tool will attempt to match hashes of your cached images against hashes of known CSAM. When a match is made, the tool will:

Block the URL where the content has been found
Email you with the file path to enable you to permanently remove the image
Help
Crawler Hints
Crawler Hints provide high quality data to search engines and other crawlers when sites using Cloudflare change their content. This allows crawlers to precisely time crawling, avoid wasteful crawls, and generally reduce resource consumption on origins and other Internet infrastructure.

By enabling this service, you agree to share website information required for feature functionality and agree to the Supplemental Terms for Crawler Hints.


Help
Always Online™
Keep your website online for visitors when your origin server is unavailable. Cloudflare serves limited copies of web pages available from the Internet Archive’s Wayback Machine.


Enabling this Service will share some of your website’s information with the Internet Archive in order to make this feature functional. By enabling this Service, you agree to the Supplemental Terms for Always Online.



APIHelp
Development Mode
Temporarily bypass our cache allowing you to see changes to your origin server in realtime.

Note: Enabling this feature can significantly increase origin server load. Development Mode does not purge the cache so files will need to be purged after development mode expires.


APIHelp
Enable Query String Sort
Cloudflare will treat files with the same query strings as the same file in cache, regardless of the order of the query strings

Requires an Enterprise plan